Add command to turn off swap in install-kubeadm.md (#40654)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm.md

* Unique hostname, MAC address, and product_uuid for every node. See [here](#verify-mac-address) for more details.
* Certain ports are open on your machines. See [here](#check-required-ports) for more details.
* Swap disabled. You **MUST** disable swap in order for the kubelet to work properly.

>     * `sudo swapoff -a`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For example: `sudo swapoff -a` (and make sure to make the change permanent)
``` 
There is no one consistent way to disable swap space on nodes. For example, you can also define a `.swap` unit in systemd, or have an EFI partition of type `0657fd6d-a4ab-43c4-84e5-0933c84b4f4f` that autodiscovers. The suggestion here would not make permanent changes which is likely to surprise readers.

Author: updated in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/40654/commits/88cb81f65ea34125c4f5b127d07cf12f622e7fdd

>     * For example: `sudo swapoff -a` (and make sure this change is permanent. Swap may be set in files like `/etc/fstab`, `systemd.swap` depending how it was configured on your system)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For example, on some Linux systems, you can do `sudo swapoff -a`.
  To make this change persistent across reboots, wwap may be set in files like
  `/etc/fstab`, `systemd.swap` depending how it is configured on your system.
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/40654/commits/b2b8299841f45e5da35fa474a019906fdda056fd
